[7.13.x-blue] [KIECLOUD-647] Remove OpenShift templates from rhpam-7-openshift-image (#629)
jboss-container-images/rhpam-7-openshift-image: README.md

 - **image.yaml**: the main image descriptor file, here are all the pieces and configuration needed to build an image.

> On the root directory you can also one additiona file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the root directory you can also find one additional file:
```
